Crowdstrike datetime bug (#14382)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedCrowdstrikeFalconIntel/ReleaseNotes/2_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Indicator Feed

> - Fixed a bug in **fetch-indicators** when no first_fetch was entered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-indicators*** failed when the *First fetch time* integration parameter was not entered.
```
